cp3 your others is worth this morning the access of the
headquarters of the ceni was refused to you
you and other fellow members of
the ceni and presenting as of michael
is it exane this was
concretely
no this morning since since the day before yesterday
gold I had the document is good especially
not to these documents
especially portable media remained
from an office and then I also had to
bring my coffee maker and all I
wanted to go back to get to
the house but hardly happy
the vehicle on board which a joker that t
she in front of the entrance grids ago
an agent said approached me and
told me you are forbidden to dry
I said why 10 Nov is forbidden
of enough I tell myself that I am vice
president of the ceni
he retorted me it's you sir
pedrono I said yes it's good me vice
president of the ceni that you are
forbidden broken and I have stuff that
lady at the office I wanted to go
the test came out you are l2
dida it's eddy shows a card on
which we have not written a roof
I saw clearly the name of your
fellow commissioners sleeps ac
I saw that at the bomb on a sheet of
school notebook so and then at the same
time thousands cair to great there
had one who had a thousand weapons and who
made gestures
so you're hair to take back the
road we are going
you have to leave the place so here I am
do not know why I say that this is
ceni not the one that we want
was there we are known
it is we have taken an oath
well let's find out more in
the hours that come to good some
certain that they claim that you have
resigned from the vice presidency of the
what would it be good to
to see gives at which moment with
I resigned
I never resigned and I
submitted my resignation acted no
if I had to represent my disability
and my mandate and it's a mandate
to inform the deform the ceni
I never resigned I stay
vice president of the commission
national election independent of the
just as messi taffa
tabiou then as soon as it's to do
operations of the EU arm that it's
for that we deny access gives 0
I do not know anything about how
alaoui sad the president harry the
last time programmed
results I do not know where he got them
come out bridge all power
we can believe that ben they still have to
make the numbers you know that the
president really has to give a
gift healing program that are not
not to the knowledge of the series I the
so perhaps repeats as a shelter from
group
they are manufacturing
things
comply to not be ridiculous
but if they do, they are
really ridiculous by that since small
thank you very much it is a wind that is worth the
Messiah